Add Markdown/Text Parser (#1381)
Azure-Samples/azure-search-openai-demo: data/Contoso_Electronics_Company_Overview.md

> # Contoso and Sons

Reviewer: Can you match the company name/type used in the PDFs?

Author: Done

### Core Values

- **Innovation:** Constantly pushing the boundaries of technology.
- **Diversity:** Embracing different perspectives for creative excellence.
- **Sustainability:** Committed to eco-friendly practices in our products.

## Vacation Perks

We believe in work-life balance and understand the importance of well-deserved breaks. Our vacation perks are designed to help our employees recharge and return with renewed enthusiasm.

| Vacation Tier | Duration | Additional Benefits |
|---------------|----------|---------------------|
| Standard      | 2 weeks  | Health and wellness stipend |
| Senior        | 4 weeks  | Travel vouchers for a dream destination |
| Executive     | 6 weeks  | Luxury resort getaway with family |

## Employee Recognition

Recognizing the hard work and dedication of our employees is at the core of our culture. Here are some ways we celebrate achievements:

- Monthly "Innovator of the Month" awards
- Annual gala with awards for outstanding contributions
- Team-building retreats for high-performing departments

## Join Us!

> Contoso Electronics is always on the lookout for talented individuals who share our passion for innovation. If you're ready to be part of a dynamic team shaping the future of technology, check out our [careers page](https://careers.microsoft.com/) for exciting opportunities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contoso Electronics is always on the lookout for talented individuals who share our passion for innovation. If you're ready to be part of a dynamic team shaping the future of technology, check out our [careers page](http://www.contoso.com) for exciting opportunities.
```

> [Learn more about Contoso Electronics!](https://www.microsoft.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Learn more about Contoso Electronics!](http://www.contoso.com)
```
